Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, how are you
Michelle: I'm good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. How are things going
Michelle: Yeah, we just had a an inspection.
Michelle: The pre Ashley.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
And
Michelle: How was a nightmare.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What happened.
Michelle: Well, the, the owners, the landlord's she just, I mean, she just acted like we've just destroyed and trash this place and
Michelle: We've been here for a little over a year and it's just normal common wear and tear. You know, I mean,
Michelle: She just, I mean just extremely rude.
Michelle: And when I confronted her because I was just over her attitude and over her, her, her voice sounds like, Why are you being so rude.
Michelle: And she just
Michelle: trashed my
Michelle: God
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What was it that she said you trashed. I don't get it.
Michelle: So should we just agree to her. We trashed her entire unit her whole the whole place which I feel is nonsense.
Michelle: We've been here a little over a year and all, they're all there is is some blinds need to be replaced. There's two holes in the walls downstairs and
Michelle: I think that's it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And on her report. What does she say you need to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Change.
Michelle: Well, I mean, it kind of backfired in our face because HUD came in and did their inspection and she's required to Repair and Replace everything except for the bottom downstairs living on blinds were required to replace those
Michelle: So it kind of backfired interface.
Michelle: So funny. Oh.
Michelle: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Thankfully, yes, cuz I don't know. I don't have the money to replace me and repair everything
Michelle: Was just no way
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they contributed to normal wear and tear and and
Michelle: He's not. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's a good thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anyway, so you don't have any extra hat, you know, extra cost to moving out. How's things going with what you are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: what your plans are.
Michelle: Well,
Michelle: Plans are the plans as of right now. Our plan is to have our housing authority or HUD voucher transported to Cruz County and that takes like 30 days or whatever.
Michelle: And so we're planning to do that here in March, sometime. We're going to try and work it out to where
Michelle: Because we don't want to do it too soon, because if we get an interview, we have to be up in Coos Bay and if there's no way for us to get up to speed, to do the interview, then we're just, you know, we're out of that. So the plan is to do it to where
Michelle: We spend probably the last two weeks here. Yeah, we're up and pay
Michelle: For the remainder of that 30 days for it to transport and then I mean as of right now.
Michelle: Our plan is to just kind of camp out somewhere in a camping ground or on the beach or something somewhere just kind of, I mean, cuz
Michelle: You know, I've thought about it. We've talked about it and I feel like living in the van sleeping in the van and parking lots, you know, eventually, someone's going to call CPS right
Michelle: If you week if we're camping. How you gonna call CPS on someone that's camping. I mean, regardless of how long were camping. We're camping.
Michelle: Yeah, you know, and most campgrounds have shower facilities and
Michelle: You know, so the plan as of right now is to just find a campground that's decent and has showers and
Michelle: go camping for a while and we're either going to wait and I mean I just honestly feel like
Michelle: If we just raised around and sit around for HUD to find a place for us to find a place to prove to get into a place I just feel like that's going to just be a long drawn out process where I feel like if I get a job and I save up money, we could get in sooner rather than later.
Michelle: Mm hmm. So that's kind of the plan, plan is just on a campground or camping for a while, get a job, save up money getting to a place
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just know that there's a lot of really nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: camper campgrounds out there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, there really is that are safe and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And a lot of people do it, especially now with it, how much it cost to rent a place you know
Michelle: Because I've looked in, like, even just renting a room that's
Michelle: Just outrageous. I mean, I've looked, I looked it up, I've looked like several outlets of like it's a rent a room, you know, Craigslist, Facebook, you know, all over the place. I mean, they still want anywhere between six and $900 just for a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Room. Yeah.
Michelle: Like, that's just not feasible that there's no way we're going to be able to save money doing it that way.
Michelle: We're a hotel room for that matter, it's just not
Michelle: It's not smart. It's not feasible. It's not financially smart. Yeah, I feel like you know it's going to be rough for a little while, but we're just camping for the summer.
Michelle: Yeah, and is
Michelle: Going to be a little rough, but I mean, we'll have a vehicle so that'll be an extreme positive and
Michelle: My dad's supposed to hopefully he'll hold up his end of, you know, his the agreement and whatnot. And the plan, but he's supposed to help me out with like an ice chest and, you know, a camp stove and just a tire and stuff like that.
Michelle: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Has your communication with haven't gotten better.
Michelle: A little bit. A little bit. I just, you know, I'm just really wary because I get paid on the third and the plan is, is to get my driver's license.
Michelle: Need to get my driver's license and as soon as I get that driver's license.
Michelle: There should be no reason why he doesn't give me the van.
Michelle: Mm hmm. So
Michelle: If he doesn't give me that van. Then I really don't know what the book, we're going to
Michelle: A huge relying we're really relying on having that vehicle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you've stress to him how important it is that he goes
Michelle: Oh, yeah, yeah. He knows and my grandmother. I mean, we went and visited my grandmother
Michelle: About a week ago.
Michelle: Europe Brookings isn't my great grandmother and
Michelle: She was like, I heard you're almost done with your diploma and I heard your dad was going to give you the van for getting your diploma, so
Michelle: I'm really, you know, I'm really hoping like it's it's real this time, you know, I mean, cuz
Michelle: I mean my grandma was like, you know,
Michelle: It kind of, you know, kind of made it like you know a little bit more real, you know, like, yeah, I'm not done with my diploma and
Michelle: He told me he gave me that man.
Michelle: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And did you tell her, did you tell her how important it was that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah. Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's important that you know the urgency and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The importance of it. You know what I mean is known by everybody, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, so that way. She can kind of reiterate that with your dad. And so you know that hopefully might help your dad solidify the agreement, you know, within himself to follow through with it. Yeah. You know, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's things been going with your neighbors.
Michelle: Um, you know, I haven't heard anything but that's, I mean that's that's typical. You know, and we only really hear or see them, you know, once in a blue moon when they come out of their caves and and
Michelle: I try to just ignore them and you know sometimes the last time that there was an altercation. It's one of them overheard me talking to my father, you know, just venting and talking about what's going on and whatnot. And that's when the altercation happened, you know,
Michelle: But I've been trying to like really watch myself and not
Michelle: Talk with like the windows open talk loudly with the windows open or talk in the kitchen when the screen is, you know, open and in trying to really make sure that I'm
Michelle: Watching my
Michelle: Loudness level and
Michelle: What I say, and who's around, but for the most part, like
Michelle: There hasn't been anything other than Christian, the landlord here, the day before yesterday and
Michelle: Was just
Michelle: Me, it's just, it's crazy how people, people are just cutthroat, man. People are called these days. And it's really sad. It's really, really sad. I mean, because she like she was like, oh, we used to be friends and house like
Michelle: No, we've never been friends ever, ever, and for her to just have the audacity to sit there and call herself a friend that's what blew my mind. I'm like, How can you sit there and call yourself a friend.
Michelle: And the things that you've said and done to me and my family. I mean,
Michelle: That's not a friend. I'm sorry.
Michelle: That's not my definition of a friend.
Michelle: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I'm glad that you know, things have kind of mellowed out for your last little bit there, so that way you know you can kind of get some peace through this whole process while you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Moving out. What do you get what's your plans as far as doing, what are you going to do with all your stuff.
Michelle: Um, yeah.
Michelle: There's a lot like a lot a lot just
Michelle: Relying on my father. The plan is to put everything in storage and Tuesday and he's supposed to pay first month
Michelle: Of rent for the storage unit and first month of insurance on the van and then the rest is up to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Michelle: So, but I feel like because I'm sure he's going to end up using the storage unit. So I feel like if he's going to be using it to, then I should only be paying half of the fee for it, but
Michelle: We're not there yet.
Michelle: You know, but that's the plan, the plan is to put everything in storage and just take the basic necessities that we need to survive. And, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you going to get it to Coos Bay.
Michelle: My Dad's going to rent a U Haul and we're just going to take it all up. And once you
Michelle: Pick one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, good. I was wondering about that piece to, you know, how many, how long of a drive. Is it from where you're at.
Michelle: From where we are. We're here in Crescent City, it's
Michelle: Three hours. Two and a half, three hours because it's a half an hour 45 minutes from here to Brookings and from Brookings. It's a two hour drive so about three hours hour, two hours 45 minutes give or take, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not bad.
Yeah.
Michelle: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not bad at all. And so are you planning on getting an Oregon driver's license or uh yeah yeah
Michelle: That's the plan. I'm hoping because when I made a bunch of phone calls. I had a $50
Michelle: Stop sign ticket from Arizona that I didn't finish paying off. And when I called they said that I owed over $200 and I'm just like, Oh, man.
Michelle: So I'm really hoping I don't have to pay that because if I if I don't have to pay that then we'll just be super simple and easy for me to just take the test. Get the driver's license. Whereas if I hadn't paid and I'm going to have to pay
Michelle: That plus the fees to get the driver's license, which isn't very expensive. Actually, I was looking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You froze.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey there, he
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Michelle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Michelle frozen got kicked off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My origin shirkers
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your wife I
Michelle: Yeah, I'm sorry, it does that, so
Michelle: I apologize.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay, my dears to I'm right. Yeah, I can. We can be in the middle of a session and all of a sudden my internet goes down on like, what, what, and it's searching, you know, for it is it's annoying.
Michelle: You know, on my phone. It has like an exclamation mark next to the Wi Fi bars there. So it lets me know otherwise I'm like, what's
Michelle: Going on.
Michelle: Group yesterday because I was just super, super sick and I could like it was hard to talk, but yeah.
So I who you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who you in group with
Michelle: Dr. Jamison and john Reinhart
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, let me let them know that you did you call in and tell them
Michelle: Did yes
Good.
Michelle: Yeah, she told me that she would let the doctor know so that that's not a no show
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Yeah.
Michelle: Daughter caught it first and then I got it. And yesterday it was really, really bad and today I'm just a little runny nose congested, but my my throat isn't hurting, like it was yes. Yeah, it should it it for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: gotta watch it because you know the illness is going on and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, really.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Take care of yourself and keep yourself protected wash your hands let you know the the all the whole routines.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: keeping yourself secure, but your daughter's does she go to school.
Michelle: No, no, we just took her to the park and when the, when she woke up for her nap that day, she had a really bad sore throat. I almost thought it was like poop or something because it was like, I mean it was just
Michelle: Really like it just, it sounded kind of, you know, really bad. But as the night went on and the next day. It didn't sound so much like that bark, you know, kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Michelle: So it was like, well, and she wasn't she wasn't she didn't have a fever either was like, we'll see. See how it goes. If we need to take her in or not.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And she's gotten better.
Michelle: Yeah, it's now I'm going to just miss me it's just kind of like a runny nose, kind of thing going on. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: God because you know there's schools that are being shut down over this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cold
Michelle: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know it's bad.
Michelle: I know they have a all this coronavirus crap that's going on. And I know there's a confirmed case in Sacramento in Sacramento is not that far from here, actually, like, maybe like two, three hour drive maybe six hours. No, no.
Michelle: I don't know, but it's not that far from here.
Michelle: Because first goes first, because not that far.
Michelle: And it's just a little bit north of Frisco
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Michelle: Yeah I know they're there. So that, but we really don't go out very much like we go to the grocery store. We go to the park. Once a while. But other than that, we really don't venture out and talk to people and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really, really good. I just sent a message to Dr. Jamison letting her know that you came in for your individual today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that they know that you're engaging and that you're here, you know, so that there's no interruption with your. How are you doing with your medication.
Michelle: I'm doing good. I'm doing really good. I feel like it's it's doing its job, said she raised my dosage. I feel like it's a lot better now. I just wish I could get my anxiety under control, and I wish I could get prescribed something for anxiety, but
Michelle: Nobody wants to prescribe which is which is really weird for me too. Because last time I was in group. There was a guy in there, who was talking about his prescriptions.
Michelle: And I'm sure we're not allowed to talk really about our prescriptions, because everybody is described different things, but he was said, and he was prescribed el presidente
Michelle: And I'm like, Well, why can't I get back on my El Paso em. The 0.5 milligrams small dose that I was on that helps or when I'm like having a panic attack and my anxieties through the roof and
Michelle: I just figured. I'm not even gonna bother you know and ask about it or argue about it because I just, you know, they just look at me as just a junkie, trying to get that high or whatever and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you, have you voiced your, your anxiety issues.
Michelle: Oh yeah, very much so. Yes, it's very well known.
Michelle: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what, what was the response when you did.
Michelle: She tried to put me on
Michelle: Oh, man.
Michelle: Like hydro chloride or something like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are like hydroxide Zane or something. I'm like, I'm visceral
Michelle: I'm not, I can't really remember exactly what it was called, but it was just this little green pill and
Michelle: That didn't do anything for my anxiety. What it did was make me super Josie and want to go to sleep. So I quit taking them and I would I would take them at night. So it would help me fall asleep better
Michelle: And that helped helped me fall asleep, but I don't really have a problem falling asleep, it's more or less staying asleep really more some Nia of like
Michelle: It's two three in the morning, I need to go to bed. But my anxiety and everything, all the stress and everything in my head is just not able to like relax to close my eyes to fall asleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you do when that happens, what do you do
Michelle: I just kind of sit here and play on my phone, or I go downstairs and I smoke a cigarette. I get something to munch on and then I come back upstairs and I try to lay back down and close my eyes.
Michelle: But I mean, for the most part, it just kind of, I just kind of stay up
Michelle: When I'm like looking at the clock. It's four in the morning.
But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There are different types of coping skills to help with anxiety that you can try when you're up like that and taking it, you know, you're not going to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you might be able to. I don't know it a cabin campground. If the showers close at all during the nights. But, you know, taking a hot shower, making sure you're in a dark room and trying to put on some soothing music
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All of those things can help with falling asleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Especially when your anxieties really high.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When your anxiety raises is it when tell me what goes through your mind.
Michelle: Just everything that's going on everything. Not, not just with everything that's going on, just everything my entire life. I mean everything, everything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You start ruminating about the past and worrying about the future and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All of that. So, so you've got to pull yourself out of that thought process to in focus on what you can do today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because if you work out. You know what's already happened. That doesn't do you any good. The past is done. It's written. It's over. You can't change anything. It is what it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you worry about the future that you have no control over right in this moment, then that can put you in a tailspin too. And so you kind of want to bring yourself back into right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's going on right in this moment and really pay attention to what you do have control over in this moment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which really kind of helps and makes a difference.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh God, what do you call it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thinking forward or thinking backward and is anxiety producing. And so you want to get out of both of those and focus in on right now today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you focus in on today and you are focused on what you're doing in the moment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't even say that that being on your phone is a bad thing, but it does stimulate the brain.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, but it does take you out of that way of thinking as well. So, you know, it's kind of two fisted in that area.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I would. That's what I will try. Are you put your earphones in your data you have had your phone in and try to find some calming soothing you know music that you can listen to, to help
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: watch a video.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On your phone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Find some positivity that you can feed your brain.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pay attention to what it is in this moment that you have control over.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you want to learn these things and how to deal with these things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For now, and for later on to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't always want to be dependent on a medication to calm down your anxiety. You want to be able to do it yourself, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I know that for me when I'm in that you know when I'm stressed out and I'm worried about something I have to like really do this like check in, in my head, how much control do I have over the situation right now. What can I change in this moment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how can I help myself right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'll take whatever it is that I'm stressing out and I'll kind of compartmentalize it in my head and focus on the things that I'm hearing and the things that I'm feeling right here in this moment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So by doing that kind of brings you back into the present and allows your anxiety to to lesson and that this is little tools mental tools that you can try to use to help right now to help bring down your anxiety, a little bit. Does that make sense.
Michelle: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Up, where'd you go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I lost you again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Michelle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And she froze.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You there.
Michelle: Yeah, sorry, I don't know why it's doing this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. Usually it's mine. So we can say okay I get it. Not a big deal.
Michelle: It's a pain in the butt really is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we will you try that for me and see if that doesn't
Michelle: Yeah, I will definitely try that. Um, do you by chance to know if they've gotten to where they cover Oregon like Oregon insurances is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that they're working on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that they're working on it. And I know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's some things that are in the works for it. I can definitely check and see how far we are progressed in it because I'm actually certified in Oregon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My credentials. Most of my credentials are from Oregon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is good. So, um, I'll find out my supervisor is out of town at a convention right now and and I'll shoot her an email and see if I can't get some information.
Michelle: Because I'm really worried about that too, you know. Because, because I, it does help a lot. The group and the medication and therapy and
Michelle: And helps a lot. And I am I'm concerned and I'm worried about you know when that when that's gone. If you know when that's gone and and I no longer am able to get the medication or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You want to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that there are programs in Oregon. So you want to make sure that as soon as you get there you get connected with a program there get an appointment set up and and let them know you know that you're in transition.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that you can get started, where you left off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So just to let you know that Oregon is really working with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Different providers with the map program. It's really vitally important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're definitely good in that aspect. So you want to find one in your area.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And connect with them as soon as possible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, get an appointment ASAP.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And are you planning on having California insurance for the for all of next month.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, yeah, that'll give you a time for the transition and to get an appointment and be able to stay connected, no matter what until you get that appointment. Okay, my
Michelle: My I guess I should probably ask Dr. Jamison this but will they be able to give me at least, like a couple weeks or a month supply of medication until like I get situated and get an appointment and get, you know, find a doctor, whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Will that is something for you to discuss with Dr. Jamison, I don't know how they work. When people are transitioning like that. And that is something to ask her. When you see her. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't have that information to give you right now so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't want to give you false information.
Michelle: I understand. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so we'll all do, I'm going to keep you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To come back next week at this time.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if for some reason you're unable, make sure that you call in and let them know. Okay, okay. We do that yeah and then try the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Working with the skills that you and I just talked about, and see if that doesn't help with lowering your anxiety and allowing you to to get in the headspace to be able to get some rest right
Michelle: Yeah, I will. I will definitely work on trying to do that.
Michelle: Okay, yeah. Yeah, well, we'll be here until the 31st of March, as well. We're supposed to be out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh ok we got time, then yeah, so you've got time to be able to research in that area providers for for a map program.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can call them ahead of time and say, You know, I'm coming over at this time. Can you give me an appointment, you know, the first part of April and get that appointment set ahead of time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that you're not waiting, once you get there weeks to be able to get in, you'll be able to have that appointment already set in place.
Michelle: Right. Well, I was hoping right heart would continue. Well, when I get to Oregon. That way I don't have to, you know, do this all over again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just ask all let me do some research and find out where we're at with that piece and you talk to Dr. Jamison Jamison and find out what she's willing to enable to do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: During this whole transition period. Okay. Okay. Yeah. And then next week when we meet, hopefully. Hopefully we'll both have that information and there'll be a clear picture of how this is going to work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Alright, sounds like a plan.
Michelle: Yeah. All right. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, Michelle. I will see you next week. And you have a good week.
Michelle: Thursday at three or. Yep. Yep. Okay. Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Same time, same place.
Michelle: All right. Thank you.
Michelle: Okay, bye.
Bye bye.